Doc/uniform buttons (#158)
flukejones/asusctl: README.md

`asusctl` is made of 3 main components:
- `asusd` - system wide daemon that can be interacted with via D-Bus
- `rog-control-center` - GUI for `asusd`
- `asusctl` - CLI client for `asusd`

# OGC Migration

This project has been migrated to the OpenGamingCollective, in short [OGC](https://github.com/opengamingcollective), on [GitHub](https://github.com/opengamingcollective/asusctl) and future development will happen there. The old [gitlab](https://gitlab.com/asus-linux/asusctl) page is maintained for historical purposes only.

## Kernel support

Due to ongoing driver work, the minimum suggested kernel version is always **the latest**, as improvements and fixes are continuous.

Support for TDP is tied to the new asus-armoury driver: available mainline since Linux 6.19: everything older is not supported.

## X11 support

X11 is not, and will not, supported by asusctl in any way. We will not help you with X11 issues if there are any due to limited time and it being unmaintained itself. You can however build `rog-control-center` with it enabled `cargo build --features "rog-control-center/x11"`.

> **Remember**: Do not bother us with X11 related problems. It is your choice to use an unmaintained display server, don't make it our problem too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Remember**: Using an unmaintained display server is your own choice and the responsibility falls on yourself. We cannot help you with this.
```

Think something like this would be a better tone
